Version Sohorn (22.1)

Features:
Battle 12, the fight against General Sohorn, has been added!
When creating a game, you can now ask for a tutorial. If activated, the game will give you teaching moments whenever a new feature comes into play.
Orders to units can now be chained by typing a list of commands into the command prompt. For example, instead of having to answer four command prompts to tell a unit to move to tile 8 and cast spell 2 on target 0, you could just type "m8s20" into a single prompt.
Movement can now be cancelled by telling the unit to move to its current location.
Rather than typing words like "skip" to skip content, this has been replaced with a simple standardized prompt to press enter.
The unit with the current turn will now appear more *VISIBLE* on the map view.
Enemies that grant trophies on death will now appear marked with a * on the map view.
Unit hitpoints will now appear on the map view, allowing better strategic planning, especially for healers.
Clarify what the "Look" command really does with your inputs.
When choosing to cast a spell, the cost of that spell is displayed.
Units will now only gain experience at the end of an action rather than spamming small experience gains throughout actions.
Units with high strength will now experience a small boost to movement speed.
When choosing characters to add to a party, their level and class will show.
When you finish the game, it will print out credits.
When a unit levels up, their stat growth now appears as a bar graph.
Werewolf powers have been reworked. Werewolves will no longer be able to one-shot everything while being thematically boring.

A message has been added to warn you to warn me if you encounter a power that hasn't been implemented.


New Powers:
Samurai Class: "Attacking Adds Focus" implemented. Gain focus for swinging that Katana!
Sky Lord Class: "Heavy / Critical Attack Destroys Focus" implemented. If you have this talent, Heavy and Critical Attacks will deplete focus at the rate normally enjoyed by Routing and Stunning attacks.
Steam Knight Class: "Increased Stats when Focus Full" -- when you have 4 ranks of focus, all of your stats will be boosted!


Bug Fixes:
Fix some timing issues with the Screaming Beast where it might skip its warm-up turns.
The game will no longer crash when a save file with a given name is not found on Linux.
Spellcasting monsters will no longer make ranged attacks when out of MP.
Unarmed damage skills will now be added to calculations.
When you are defeated in battle, you will no longer see two or three repetitions of the defeat message.
Fix a crash when a unit is asked for Luck when they are not in a battle.
